♠ ♥ ♦ ♣ ♤ ♡ ♢ ♧

Someone has lost their memory. They have a pack of cards and are learning to memorize the order of the cards. You have to associate certain cards with certain images. We start with a set of cards in the same suit and a set of cards with the same number, so that you can learn to associate the initial and final letters with suits and numbers.

Your score is based on how much better s/he is doing than chance. When you arrive at a certain score, we unlock the next game. When you no longer make a mistake, we archive the game: you can still play it but you need to open it from a "Completed Games folder".

Use KC and CS

First game:
  1-6 ♡, 5♤ 5♢ 5♧
  Learn pattern of initial and final consonants
  Use text to speech for name
  Show image and word

  See card and 4 images. Image names are spoken on rollover
  Start at random: choose image for card. Wrong image removed
  Random card + correct image + 3 distractors repeated over and over
  Score for speed and accuracy.

Game 2:
  1 - 3 in  ♤ ♢ and ♧
  Implicitly associate consonants

Game 3:
  Add new card each time score for all cards is significantly better than random.
  Use all suits and all numbers, but only 17 of them (17 are already known)
  * Focus on cards with lowest scores

Game 4:
  Speak and show word with image: choose card (34 known cards)

Game 5:
  Game 4 with 18 unfamiliar cards

Game 2a:
  Array of 4 images; draw cards from pack to place them. All of same suit or all of same number. Zalgo tells a story for each of the 24 permutations.

Game 2b:
  As 2a, but all images disappear when first card is turned

Game 6:
  As 2b, but with Zalgo telling only a few starter stories, then leaving you to continue

Black box:
  Four boxes with different designs (since we can't use colours)
  Add an image to the given box
  What images are in the given box?
  Where is a given image?

  Variant 1:
    Use words instead of images

  Variant 2:
    Use cards instead of images

IAT:
  Image is black or red
  Image is odd or even
  Image is face card (major) or pips (2-10)
  Same with words (might be easier)

Once "duck" is well established, add "dog" as a subliminal image, and find other disruptive images to indicate memories breaking through.
